Back end view:-
1)  Modules:-
	Users:-
•	All users: - By clicking on all users, it has to show the all the users, and by clicking on every user it has to show the following information.
	Full name.
	Email id.
	Phone number.
	Address.
	Occupation.
	Subscription plans.
	Transactions.
o	Billing history:
In the billing history it has to show the customer name, customer id date, time and type of recharge.
o	Current bill details:
Here it has to show the day to day updated transaction bill.
	Edit user.
o	Hold.
o	Deactivate and remove.
•	Active users (content same as above).
•	Inactive users (content same as above).
•	Add /remove a group.

	Movies: - By selecting movies it has to show the different categories. By selecting a particular movie from the particular category it has to show the 
•	Genres: After selecting a particular genre it has to show the all movies in it in the thumbnail form. 
•	Image of the movie:- By clicking on the image it has to show all the details of 
o	About the movie.
o	Artists in the movie.
o	Review.
o	Cost of the movie.
o	Movie brought from.
	Rating: - Here it has to show the rating depending on the average of total ratings given by viewers or by the administrators.
	Censor board film certification.
	Add a movie.
	Delete a movie.
•	Edit a genre.
	Add a new genre.
	Remove a genre.

	Subscriptions :-
•	Subscription index:-
	Plan name: Here it has to show all the customers who activated the particular plan and for every user in the particular plan it has to show
o	Username.
o	Created at.
o	Expired at.
o	Status.
•	Edit subscription.
	Add a new plan: Here by adding a new plan, they can add some number of films for particular price or they can give special price for particular movie or special offers on price and validity.
	Remove a plan: By removing a plan it has to delete all the data stored within the plan.
	Settings:-
•	Media settings.
	Image sizes.
	Video player settings.
•	Page settings.
	Show pages in video section (editable).
	Show pages in images section (editable).
	Pages edit.
	Group edit.
•	Component settings.
	Registrations.
	Registration messages.
	Login/logout.
	Upload.
	Last viewed settings.
	Genre settings.
	Download settings.



